##What did you learn about CSS padding, borders, and margin by doing this challenge?
A lot! It helps to apply all three and incorporating it in the design of your own website. I initially had a bit of trouble understanding the difference between padding and margin but using chrome devtools ( and the HTML/CSS book) and applying it to my own website helped incredibly! 
##What did you learn about CSS positioning?
I was able to strengthen my understanding of the positioning in CSS by applying the methodology from the HTML/CSS book recommended ( which really simplifies the definitions). Coupled with chromedevtools to play around with positioning, which was trial and error mostly, really helped my understanding. I have a better understanding of static(normal flow), fixed, relative and absolute positioning now thanks to this challenge.
##What aspects of your design did you find easiest to implement? What was most difficult?
I found I managed to respect my wireframe as best as possible. The easiest was the colors and fonts (I had decided last week). I'd say the toughest to implement was just being satisfied with my overall design. I know we're going for a MVP( minimum viable product) but learning and wanting to apply everything almost pushed me down the rabbit hole so i'd say just being overall satisfied with the design was tough(I surprisingly didn't find positioning as hard as I thought I would)
##What did you learn about adding and formatting elements with CSS in this challenge?
Learned how to apply different selectors depending on the use in CSS on an element( ID vs Classes etc...). How to properly link multiple stylesheets to apply formatting to different HTML pages. Different properties and classes that were used on different elements to achieve the desired effect. Mostly boils down to applying what was learned in the resources provided and using some outside material as well ( eg: Font-Awesome toolkit to add icons to my website). I tried to apply as many things as possible and can't wait to learn more and apply what I learn on my website!